Update README.md (#21)
pubnub/swift-chat-sdk: README.md

1. Create or open your project inside Xcode.
2. Navigate to **File -> Add Package Dependencies**.
3. Search for `https://github.com/pubnub/swift-chat-sdk`

> 4. From the **Dependency Rule** drop-down list, select the `Up to Next Major Version` rule and hit the `Add Package` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. From the **Dependency Rule** drop-down list, select the `Up to Next Major Version` rule, and click **Add Package**.
```
